README.md, before:

# TinyGo: Getting the upper hen

This project holds all the needed code to build a monitoring system for a henhouse.

## Quickstart

Prerequisites:
- Install go, tinygo, kubectl, helm, kind

First deploy the cluster, it will take a few minutes, go get the water boiling during this time.
```bash
make deploy
```

You can test (even you do not have an Arduino board) by sending a measure:
```bash
 make curl_measure
```

You should expect a 200 HTTP answer:
```bash
< HTTP/1.1 200 OK
< Date: Thu, 14 Jul 2022 17:55:02 GMT
< Content-Length: 0
< Connection: keep-alive
```

If you have an Arduino board, you can flash [this program](https://github.com/doniacld/tinygo-discovery/blob/main/tiny-hen/main.go) on your card using this command. Adjust the target to your model.

```bash
tinygo flash -target=arduino-nano33 wifinina/httppost/main.go
```

Then read from the serial port. To find it, you can use the following command, using tab to autocomplete the usb modem number:

```bash
ll /dev/cu.usbmodem1421
```

```bash
 go run utils/read_serial.go -port /dev/cu.usbmodem1101 
```

[//]: # ( TODO add a section about the SSID parameters in the tinygo file)

Now it should send data.

Commit message:

feat: added linux/sudo support
Signed-off-by: David <davidcalvertfr@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# TinyGo: Getting the upper hen

This project holds all the needed code to build a monitoring system for a henhouse.

## Quickstart

Prerequisites:
- Install go, tinygo, kubectl, helm, kind

First deploy the cluster, it will take a few minutes, go get the water boiling during this time.
```bash
# If you don't need sudo to start docker containers
make deploy

# If you need sudo to start docker containers
make sudo-deploy
```

You can test (even you do not have an Arduino board) by sending a measure:
```bash
 make curl_measure
```

You should expect a 200 HTTP answer:
```bash
< HTTP/1.1 200 OK
< Date: Thu, 14 Jul 2022 17:55:02 GMT
< Content-Length: 0
< Connection: keep-alive
```

If you have an Arduino board, you can flash [this program](https://github.com/doniacld/tinygo-discovery/blob/main/tiny-hen/main.go) on your card using this command. Adjust the target to your model.

```bash
tinygo flash -target=arduino-nano33 wifinina/httppost/main.go
```

Then read from the serial port. To find it, you can use the following command, using tab to autocomplete the usb modem number:

```bash
ll /dev/cu.usbmodem1421
```

```bash
 go run utils/read_serial.go -port /dev/cu.usbmodem1101 
```

[//]: # ( TODO add a section about the SSID parameters in the tinygo file)

Now it should send data.
